blog: registration: Post on registration management (#734)
coderefinery/coderefinery.org: content/blog/2022-12-05-registration.md

+++
title = 'Registration and learner management'
slug = "2022/12/05/registration"
description = "Large courses are more demanding on registration than you'd expect, but we have some ideas."

[extra]
authors = "Richard Darst"
+++

*Part of a series on the [Future of
Teaching](@/blog/2022-10-17-future-of-teaching.md)*

Registration and managing learners can be hard when there are hundreds
of them, but if you plan out a course well, it's manageable.

In a small course, you register and people come, and everything else
gets figured out from there.  When you have more than a hundred people

> coming, there are pre-made [teams](TODO:LINK), and you don't have "sit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
coming, perhaps with pre-made [teams](TODO:LINK), and you don't have "sit
```

> an empty table", registration can be much, much harder.  Luckily, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registration can be much, much harder.  Luckily, if
```

you plan the course considering that registration will be a major
task, it can work out OK.

## Basic registration strategies

**Basic registration** would be easy: you let people sign up, they can
get emails.  Since we
[livestream](@/blog/2022-11-14-livestreaming-courses.md), people can
even attend without registering, which we think is important (providing
personal data is not necessary to attend - this is by design).
Registering allows someone to receive emails, and it's relatively easy
to send different emails to different groups if desired (for example,
those from our university get information on our local
online/in-person exercise sessions).

At Aalto University, this is what we have done for most online
courses, and it works well.

## Registration including teams

If we want to provide [teams](TODO:LINK) as a service, things get more

> involved.  The man idea of registering including teams is that we want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
involved.  The main idea of registering including teams is that we want
```

> to make them pre-arranged and the same day-after-day.  We want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make them pre-arranged and the constant day-after-day.  We want to
```

> provide an exercise leader for each team (the same one each day).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide an exercise leader for each team (again the same one each day).
```

> The in-person equivalent is "sit at a table with at group, that group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The in-person equivalent to that is "sit at a table with at group, that group
```

> is yoru team".  Our online version is much harder than this, since we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is your team".  Our online version is much harder than this, since we
```

> pre-plan a lot more.  We *could* emulate this by randomly assigning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to pre-plan a lot more.  We *could* emulate this by randomly assigning
```
